when you have credit card debts the
Dudhsagar styrene high pair everywhere
oh I making another meatball payment Oh
the money goes to us this is such a
delightful day but because your credit
card debts are so high you can't get rid
of that that suckers alone oh those
payments are in vain ha suckas juicy but
one call the consolidated credit can get
the debt suckers off your neck thank you
for calling consolidated credit Oh No
they lured his race and since all these
bills that one no payment they pay off
first and no time but so did the credit
thrives those buzzy cual consolidated
credit now I get your life back because
debt stinks calling out on the call
consolidated credit go eight hundred
four seven eight eight nine five zero
calling out o we want some bad guys from
McDonald's oh but first we have to still
some money
oh yes sir but there's still some money
because we can't have McDonald's without
money
oh wow although spinners are bad hahaha
oh no don't call good song with any
credit thank you for calling it's all
dated McDonald's oh the lord is ready
this big back to the one no payment no
time
oh now it was a bit slow haha
we're here to steal some money to get
some pizza or yes time to steal some
money why did he just - with the
newspaper those payments on ha ha ha ha
ha ha no don't call consolidated pizza
hello
oh no they lured the pizza fattening so
long and they got one more favorite
and they different pizza in those time
oh no oh that we're gonna get a drink or
decide oh it's not just a cool person we
need money to go find them
you know things aren't free they did it
again to us they spray us with that
baker again this is just insane oh don't
call them they won't like you
thank you for going to snack shack oh no
they give you less snacks and then they
get something you know what my favorite
they pay off your food in no time oh no
oh oh no because peter is good that me
sex is good going out to call this
magical any hundred four seven eight
nine five zero called out okay who could
give any Diplo multiples Congo knows
twins knew swells you can watch it
anytime
are you TV iPad iPhone or smartphone any
way you want
24/7 multiplicity I like it they always
told me that it's local its local news
stats
uh yeah News 12s globalize normal news
gets only on optimum drive it back down